Carolyn McCarter Wood: Well, hey, I just sent the link and I sent it to your email, are you able to get to your email.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, so that's that's where you'll find it. Now I'll be waiting for you.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Hey, Jeffrey, are you there.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Room.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Hey, that didn't work, did it.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I wasn't able to see you, but
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Feel free to try again. I'm still there.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, I'll try it again.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, that'll be fun.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Good night.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, you can hear me. Right.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, can you can you hear me.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I can hear you. Good.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Your, your, your video is not on. But, you know, if you can't get that figured that's okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So,
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm drawn to this.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, I know. So there should be a, I don't know what kind of found you have
A
Jeffrey Cannon: Samsung Galaxy j three
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So I don't have that kind but
Carolyn McCarter Wood: There should be a place that says enable video but it's okay if you came. I mean,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Take the okay we're getting there. There you are.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Hey,
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: All right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Are you at home right now.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Can you hear me.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, okay.
My
Jeffrey Cannon: Slot when it freezes up at toms cuz I'm way out here in the country.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Right. Right. And it may be that it works better with just the with just the sound. Sometimes. Sometimes it happens. But if you have to have gotten the liquid to face. So now I feel like I know who I'm talking to help
Jeffrey Cannon: Right, yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, so I'm
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I'm glad that you called because I wanted to check on you. It sounds like things have been pretty overwhelming for you, and you've been feeling pretty discouraged. Does that right
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah okay so
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I'm just going to get right to the heart of the matter. Okay, first thing I want to know is, are you having a hard guy.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Are you having a hard time keeping yourself. Are you having a hard time feeling confident that you won't hurt yourself.
Jeffrey Cannon: No, not really.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, you're feeling pretty confident that you're not gonna hurt yourself.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, good. Yeah, so, um,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: But you're stuck with
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And like, what have you. You like I don't know a lot of your background. Yeah. Like are you currently using. And have you used today. And are you on meds. So where is all that because I know people are in different places.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Why don't you turn off the video. And let's see if it works better.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: All right, so, Jeffrey
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Where are you in this process. Have you started with.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What is it that are you do you take pain pills or are you shooting up or what what's what's going on.
Jeffrey Cannon: Oh, I've been shooting up
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay. And have you, have they gotten you started on a medic medication instead
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes, my mom on Suboxone
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, so have you have you been shooting up since you've been on the Suboxone
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes, ma'am. I'm not shooting up my pain medicine and nothing I'm seeing not cooking.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, okay. And when was the last time you did that.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Tonight, okay, how long ago.
Jeffrey Cannon: About two hours a day.
Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: All right. Alright, so if you kill yourself. It's going to be by accident.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Was that what I'm here. Okay. All right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So,
Jeffrey Cannon: You've read my wife isn't
Jeffrey Cannon: Industry struggling with severe depression and assuming going about a month now and
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: Without and I'm here with me. It's just a struggle.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, for sure.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, it gets really lonely.
Jeffrey Cannon: YEAH, OF LAST MONTH OF COURSE system like oh
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And you said she's in rehab. So she's trying to get better.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, she's not really doing drugs like this is just the virally the struggle with bipolar depression.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Gotcha, gotcha. Okay. So how long have y'all been together.
Jeffrey Cannon: We've been the gala about five years and will be married two years in October.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, yeah. So what made you call me today.
Jeffrey Cannon: Just the top
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, so the way that will normally do that if you don't go in to the
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What's the name of the place. Again, I keep wanting to call it the one that's up here.
Jeffrey Cannon: Is water be Jones.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yes, I was right. Well, for me, Jones.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So we will have a an appointment, probably about once a week. Okay.
To talk
Carolyn McCarter Wood: But if you're telling me about what was making you think about going into wall Toby Jones, because it sounds like that might not be a bad idea.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Mm hmm. Well, what's making you think about doing that.
Jeffrey Cannon: Do what
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What was making you think about going ahead and going in to Walter be Jones.
Jeffrey Cannon: Cuz I'm inadequate using drugs for something bad does happen.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So you know that so so you're you're knowing that if you keep on using that you're going to die.
Jeffrey Cannon: Word. Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And sounds like that's not what you want.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And
Jeffrey Cannon: My brother's wife died in January for
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Him. What, what was she using
Jeffrey Cannon: Same thing. I'm using talking about
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, how do those mics, by the way.
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm, um, it makes it like speed bond.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Oh shit.
Jeffrey Cannon: Just like Bill
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, it's just like doing IP and cocaine is more like Steve Ballmer
Carolyn McCarter Wood: tells me it's like doing an opiate and cocaine. Right. Yeah.
Right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Um, so
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So shall we gotta, I gotta trash mouth. Okay, we
Jeffrey Cannon: Started to
Jeffrey Cannon: Narcos a lot like your phone.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, so, yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So you said that one of the things that's holding you up is, is your car. What's the deal with that.
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm working on trauma and get enough gas money to go get it. My dad says type minute go get it. But I got, I have the gas money to go down and get it.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Because it's. Is it just had a gas or do you need the money for your dad.
Jeffrey Cannon: I needed the money for my dad's gas. The car broke down.
Jeffrey Cannon: The road Syrians stripped out and
Jeffrey Cannon: So what my
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, and so
Carolyn McCarter Wood: How could that get. I mean, like, I guess I'm wondering, What good's it to you, wherever it is.
Jeffrey Cannon: Because when I get out he's he's gonna save up the money to pay to fix it and I've got. I mean, I've got the habit to work. So if I even if I stay out or don't go in, but that mark or I can't go anywhere, do anything because nobody else on time.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah. Gotcha. Yeah, okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Ditch just getting the money to get the car.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: That's holding me back from like you could go in today. Right.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, huh, yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: They wanted me to go in today.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, I kind of want you to go in today to cause I'm kind of on board with you being a little scared about accidentally dying.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: And my dad. He don't he don't understand
Jeffrey Cannon: He's never been on my level of shooting or doing anything he's he's old school. He was born in 1960
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Right.
Jeffrey Cannon: He don't a smart way but he don't understand. You know what I'm going through
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Right. Right. And he may be doesn't understand the danger.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: He knows he knows if I keep on that I'm gonna be dead or in jail or some, but he just
Jeffrey Cannon: It. Hey, don't let it affect him because you don't want to lose what he's got so he just gets up and goes to work every day and pretty much
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, so he's kinda sounds like he's kind of maybe put a little bit of a wall up so he doesn't get hurt bit for you. That feels really lonely.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, yeah. Well, I'm
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What makes you
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Is there any possibility. So are you telling me that you're certain that if you went ahead and went in today that you would lose your car.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, cuz he don't know where sat in Wilson.
Jeffrey Cannon: Uh huh. And I guess without me. He don't want to get it.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay. And is your dad. Your only support.
Jeffrey Cannon: Pretty much alone in my wife, my mama died when I was like
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, yeah. My mom and dad both gone. Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So,
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes, this part of what makes me used to my mama.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, when you started using
Jeffrey Cannon: I started using them. When my mom passed away.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: How old are you now Jeffrey
Jeffrey Cannon: 32
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah. Okay, so you've been using you've been using a good wall.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, I've been using since I was 19
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, and and when did you start speed ball and
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm I've been speed bottom for about the past six, seven years.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Mm hmm. Yeah. Well, tell me about one
Jeffrey Cannon: Is man longer than that.
Jeffrey Cannon: It's been eight years.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah. Wow. So why, why are you trying to get better now.
Jeffrey Cannon: What's different now.
Jeffrey Cannon: I've got a 12 year old daughter or bad or 12 year old daughter and no six year old son.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, and I want to be there for my kids.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah yeah
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: You know,
Jeffrey Cannon: I know this isn't my
Brother.
Jeffrey Cannon: Brother in it or they have a five year old, they have a three year old daughter.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Mm hmm.
Jeffrey Cannon: And you know she's without her mom my brother just got 17 months in prison today.
Jeffrey Cannon: Want to get
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Right, you're looking around and you're seeing all these, you know, you're, you're seeing people's lives. Kind of go to shit.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And you don't want that to happen for you and for your kids.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: All right. Hey,
Jeffrey Cannon: I've had about 17 of my friends down into drugs.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So you know where this is leading you, you know,
Jeffrey Cannon: So, yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So I don't have
Jeffrey Cannon: killed herself.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And that's what I want to see that scares me a little bit for you because when we know people that have killed themselves. Sometimes that makes us makes it a little closer for us. So do you have any guns in the house.
Jeffrey Cannon: I do my mind. I might get my day to keep them.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Would you please, promise me that you would do that.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, I am.
Jeffrey Cannon: I don't
Jeffrey Cannon: kill myself. I've thought about it several times but not
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Mm hmm. Cuz I tell you what, there's nothing
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I don't know that there was anything harder for a kid than to have to go through that having their parent kill themselves. Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, yeah. Where do your kids stay
Jeffrey Cannon: My daughter stays about five miles down the road from me and my son stays at the beach.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Who's at the beach.
Jeffrey Cannon: My son.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What is he, with
Jeffrey Cannon: He stays with the mom, I have two super I'm
Jeffrey Cannon: Mm hmm. Kids with two separate woman.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Is one of them. Your why
Jeffrey Cannon: Do what
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Is your wife, the mama of either of your kids.
Jeffrey Cannon: Night. Nice.
Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, she has a six year old daughter of her own to stay on with her dad.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, so everybody's kind of
Jeffrey Cannon: He's in New York and just
Carolyn McCarter Wood: kind of thrown to the wind.
Jeffrey Cannon: Or six year old daughter being in New York with her dad is looks
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What's bringing her damn
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, bring her down, not have a hierarchy and and it came. I came from Missouri geese.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: The term.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: DSS got involved.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What happened.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yes, ma'am. Yeah, okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, so I'm not
Jeffrey Cannon: On the Ark daughter.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I don't want to be flippant about it, but I'm just going to tell you the truth that cars come and go, but there's only one Jeffrey cannon. Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Well, like
Carolyn McCarter Wood: If you have we're kind of in a life and death situation here. I'm just wondering if it doesn't make more sense. I know that it's hard to think about
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Letting letting that car sit there
Carolyn McCarter Wood: But I think there are way over the
Jeffrey Cannon: Belongs to my dad.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, well,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Then he ought to have fair amount of motivation to get it.
Jeffrey Cannon: Sorry, but if
Jeffrey Cannon: If I don't get up myself. I'm not going to happen. They weren't Leo.
Jeffrey Cannon: Either way,
Jeffrey Cannon: If I, if I lose the car because I took it down there and it's my responsibility to guide you
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I hear that
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I wonder
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I wonder if it makes sense for your would your dad be willing to get on a phone call with the two of us.
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm a might use the word right now.
Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So here's the way I see it, I mean like
Carolyn McCarter Wood: People can live through having no car, people can live through being homeless, but people can't live through being dead.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: You know,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Or we're if you're scared enough
Carolyn McCarter Wood: To be thinking, hey, this is gonna kill me.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I'm wondering if it might be wise to go ahead and get in there today.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: If
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What do you think
Jeffrey Cannon: I want to. But either way, I don't have no way to get her to die.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, so what's it going
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What's, what, what are we going to need to arrange to get you there.
Jeffrey Cannon: I don't know.
Jeffrey Cannon: I don't have last one is car before this same way
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, I had 1000 BMW that allows their birthday. My mom's
Jeffrey Cannon: SIDE OF THE ROAD, AND I GOT A lot like two days later.
Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: And he lost a car because he didn't have time to go get it.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And hey,
Jeffrey Cannon: already told me that this follows this car here and he don't get it by that I'm not want to have no way of
Jeffrey Cannon: Because
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Oh, OK.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: OK, so you're living with him. And he said, I'll kick you out.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay. All right, so
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I'm wondering, what do you think would happen if, when he got home today. You said, Do you call him daddy.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Daddy, I talked to my counselor today and she's really afraid that I'm gonna die if I don't get in. If I don't get in somewhere really soon.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Can, can we plan to go down and get the car tomorrow.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I mean, like, I know that you said that you need to get the gas money together, but that sounds
Carolyn McCarter Wood: It sounds to me.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: It sounds like maybe your dad. It's trying trying to like have a little tough love.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: But is there a way that you could like
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Maybe you can say, I will work and do X, Y, or Z in exchange for the gas money. I mean, is there something maybe you could do to work off the gas money.
Can't be that well.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, I've got part of it and
Jeffrey Cannon: Crying when they get soft work today, we're going to go get the core
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, great. All right. Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So,
Jeffrey Cannon: With water be Jones will have my bed, more and more. And I'm not trying to go
Carolyn McCarter Wood: No, I don't know either. I don't know either. But then, so then, our job is to keep you alive until that bed is available because I'm hearing
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I'm hearing that you really, really.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Are afraid of losing
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Your dad. If you don't get this car back
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah yeah
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I guess the next question is how do we make sure that you stay alive until you can get in the bed.
Jeffrey Cannon: And
Jeffrey Cannon: Stay away from everybody that I'm not using drugs till I can get them water be Jones.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay. How did you get, how did you get your drugs today.
Jeffrey Cannon: My cousin.
UK
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Did he show up, or did you go over there.
Jeffrey Cannon: He came over here.
Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And did you lose somebody did you use some of your gas money to get it.
Jeffrey Cannon: No, ma'am. She just came and do some drugs will, may I told her I didn't have the money.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Mm hmm.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: But she brought she came over with the drugs.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes.
Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So what would be something you could do to try to
Carolyn McCarter Wood: To try to keep that from happening again.
Jeffrey Cannon: No, no, for the phone for
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Hmm. That's a good idea, you know,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And that's hard when you got to craven going on.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, that's hard to turn down for drew. Oh.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, it's hard to turn down any kind of drugs. Right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: There's the free drugs, uh,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Huh, yeah.
Is
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I wonder if there's
Carolyn McCarter Wood: What would happen if you sent her a message and said,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Or anybody else that might, you know, offer you drugs like, you know, please don't contact me in the next little while. Do you think they would
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Honor that
Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, I'm trying to stay alive here.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And I'm trying to get into treatment, which I don't know if they. Are they supportive of you getting in treatment or are they
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Not
Jeffrey Cannon: That they don't care.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, awesome.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, so
Jeffrey Cannon: Mark and I have her brother, which is my other movies with my cousin.
Uh huh.
Jeffrey Cannon: Hey killed herself like seven years ago.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, blue, though.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah 22 change got what are cute.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Mercy, you got
Jeffrey Cannon: And then the girl that had the kids with due
Jeffrey Cannon: Date and that
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah. So yeah, maybe. Yeah, I love your idea of not answering the phone, but I love and idea even better of trying to keep the phone from ringing. You might even turn the ringer off your phone, you know,
Jeffrey Cannon: I do that and then I'll miss my call from my wife.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, I know. Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: Like in this column.
Jeffrey Cannon: Here then turn around and it'll be my wife that I'll have third missed calls from
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, I gotcha.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah. Well, definitely, I think, asking them not to not to contact you and or and you might even just say I'm not going to be, you know, I'm not gonna be around a little white lie. You know, like, I'm not gonna be around my phone. So try. Don't try to call me or something.
Jeffrey Cannon: What up, what I do is I want, I don't want to do drugs and I'm having an okay day
Jeffrey Cannon: I'll go on my phone. And I'll block. How are numbers.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Good, yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: And they want to have a bad day I go on my phone and
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Block them all. Yeah, I know, I know, but
You know,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: The thing is,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: The thing is that we're talking life or death here, and I know that probably sometimes, you know, life doesn't even sound all that good, but you've got these kids right
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And and nobody wants. No kid wants to have to say.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: My dad. He killed himself or my daddy died of an overdose.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Is there anything
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Go ahead.
Jeffrey Cannon: I know what it's like to have a printer. I've been struggling with it and I don't want my kids to be go away.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Right, and you are even grown sorta you were young, but you are
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So imagine being little
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, so that's
Carolyn McCarter Wood: That may have to be your motivation.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Even when you won't on real bad you know
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, and
Carolyn McCarter Wood: The other thing that I would encourage you to do is like
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Let them know at Walter be Jones that you're really serious about coming in so close, tomorrow is Friday, so maybe that bed will be open.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Wide white
Jeffrey Cannon: And, you know, if I
Jeffrey Cannon: Don't get our today.
Jeffrey Cannon: And I can't be a water Bill Jones. First thing in the morning when I get it. Start Their intakes i'ma lose it bit
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Right, right.
Jeffrey Cannon: And say they do while can
Jeffrey Cannon: You can do a walk in there.
Jeffrey Cannon: He and every time up on it.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: Later referral, but
Jeffrey Cannon: I got to the hospital.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah. So here's something that I'm going to offer to you is that if
Carolyn McCarter Wood: When your Dad comes home if you
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Need me to talk to him.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: to back you up, you know, we can do that.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: But to let him know how important it is that you that you take this bed.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Because they don't those beds. Don't come open easy
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And if you miss it. By the time it comes around again. You might you might be gone.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: We're good mother dead or you might be wanting to use drugs so
Carolyn McCarter Wood: We're um
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Is there anything else that you can think of, like,
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I don't know where's the closest like in a group for you.
Jeffrey Cannon: Um, they're not doing in a group right now because of the wrong words.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Yeah, they're doing them this way, they're doing them via zoom
Jeffrey Cannon: We're
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Not about that shit. Okay. What else can you think of that can help you like
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Stay alive until, you know, and by that I mean not take the chance of, you know,
Jeffrey Cannon: Growth.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Accidentally killing yourself you
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Ever. Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So,
Jeffrey Cannon: Let's
Jeffrey Cannon: Go ahead and block everybody's number my phone using
Drones
Jeffrey Cannon: To try my best.
Jeffrey Cannon: Stay away so I can go in the morning.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: It sounds like a really good
Jeffrey Cannon: Plan.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: It does sound like a good plan.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And you're going to go this evening.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: You're going to go this evening to get the car.
For
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And
Carolyn McCarter Wood: See
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Are you on probation or anything.
Jeffrey Cannon: No, ma'am.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: No guy. We can talk for another time about how you avoided that
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah.
Yeah.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So, and if you need me to talk to your dad.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: This evening, and you can follow up and
Carolyn McCarter Wood: You can reach out to me and then
Carolyn McCarter Wood: If you are not if you don't go in by some terrible
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Mistake.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Let's plan for you and me to talk on Tuesday morning. Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: All right.
So,
Jeffrey Cannon: If I do good water be Jones. I'm gonna take your number with me and try to call you and try to still keep in contact with you. I mean, I might have to talk to you when I get out anyway.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Right, so at least you can let me know. Now I want. So like there are guns in the house right now. Right.
Jeffrey Cannon: Now, my father told him to work.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Great. Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I didn't ask you like whenever you think about killing yourself. How do you think about doing it.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay, do you have any hair.
Jeffrey Cannon: Sign
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Right. Do you have any YOU DON'T HAVE ANY HEROIN right now. Right.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, and also bought some
Jeffrey Cannon: Hair one unless it's fun though. Here one
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Right, so
Carolyn McCarter Wood: You're feeling pretty confident that you're going to be able to be safe until you can get to Jones. Right.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes, ma'am. I'm trying
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And what is the reason that you're not going to, to try to kill yourself.
Jeffrey Cannon: Because of my life of value market value my relationship with my wife. Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: And I don't want to put my daddy through it Naylor roaming
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Mm hmm. Okay, I'm hearing a lot of determination, you know, and I'm really, I'm really trusting you
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Because, you know, here's another thing is like, you know, you talk to me. And then you go off and kill yourself. It can come back on me. So I'm really, I'm really trusting you
Carolyn McCarter Wood: To
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Think that we're going to keep it because I think you're going to be in treatment. Okay. Have you ever been through or
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Have you ever done.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Alright.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: So I am looking at
Carolyn McCarter Wood: How about 11 o'clock on Tuesday. The 19th
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: I know that may be a little early for you, but
Carolyn McCarter Wood: That's about let's let's let's best I can do.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: All right.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Come on, why are you not sure. Oh.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Here we go. So 11 o'clock on Tuesday.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And you're going to block your or
Carolyn McCarter Wood: You're going to block, block those numbers.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: And
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Stay at home right
Carolyn McCarter Wood: You don't let me know tomorrow, what's happening.
Carolyn McCarter Wood: Alright, sounds good. Alright, Jeffrey
Carolyn McCarter Wood: You hang in there.
All right, bye.
Jeffrey Cannon: Alright.